Add some clarification on Cloud workspace names and workspace tags (#32211)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/cloud/settings.mdx

  use for the current configuration. The `workspaces` block must contain **exactly one** of the
  following arguments, each denoting a strategy for how workspaces should be mapped:

>   - `tags` - (Optional) A set of Terraform Cloud workspace tags. It is used to group Terrform
>     Cloud workspaces, regardless of their names, and more importantly their configurations.
>     You will be able to use this working directory with any workspaces that have all of the specified tags,
>     and can use [the `terraform workspace` commands](/cli/workspaces) to switch between them or
>     create new workspaces. New workspaces will automatically have the specified tags. These tags should
>     have a strong correlation with the underlying configuration. This option conflicts with `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `tags` - (Optional) Specifies set of Terraform Cloud workspace tags. Terraform uses the tags to group Terraform
    Cloud workspaces, regardless of their names and configurations.
    You can use a working directory with any workspace that has all of the specified tags. To switch between workspaces or create new workspaces, use the [`terraform workspace` commands](/cli/workspaces). New workspaces created inherit any tags that have been applied to the current workspace. We recommend applying tags when a workspace has a strong correlation with the underlying configuration. This option conflicts with `name`.
```
Just a few suggestions for consistency with our style guide.
